so people hope you like it
of this video that was my first video
Giga standard and knows very huge
so before you start the video goes
bet on you that least generate league
light touch partnership 4 looks good
that in the description the pec
link you will see down there
debris of the millennium 0 miguel r monte de
super top product for you to buy
Kisses good
santa is good makes dolls will stay
strong
It was a monkey but maybe the logic is that
we should be basic and we are in iraq
now offered
We 're just in another one.
I want to leave what she found clothes
because I love you so much I was under the
guard, wait, I brought you to Europe.
It was heavy, people were getting up.
There are going to be mashaie in china the regions.
more violent
tomorrow, this video jockey
only the time comes we okay
So I arrived here at the inn and in the
Half a hostel until more or less I do not
I'm talking the whole pack because otherwise.
everybody was going to think me crazy and I got
he would know if I would say I liked the hotels
if you pass a team if you are willing
in general the thousands of papers
Look what I should get out the business steps
flight we're going to lunch ok
Kiss, bye, bye.
Okay, so I was talking since yesterday.
for you today at 18 and trt the honey is that
He is going to the port beach of
chickens
so I took a flight
we are not the ones who leave here
It 's about getting people out of the room and 16
and it's also the note there then I 'm
recording here I'm going to give a little picture
for you to see how the hotel people are
You leave, we're being here and here.
I'm going down there has the pool is
It's true that the hotel is a
in case pt is happy that chelsea time
is that this person who loves to take
people already made their perfect I did not get
We used to live there very much.
well then now here at the afa pool
pink thing that attracts because it will be me
do not know
the event does not send people to lose
It was where it was up to us
There are no people at the store chaika bay the
cross the time of applying the UN and
and you also have 10% discount
using cutforth miragaia where there is where
who is running in the forest and the street
Look how cute she is, diva of angels.
Look, I have a lot of arms to use and
now the video for you
troop shop has older
oh people of the good that I'm going to take
my placement would go back in time
with them coffee that I am month to value
dylan was not my cell phone or told me
time 1991 was the ugly Own
within her that we
the House
i